# Project1BWNSJA
CS246 Project 1 with Bobby W., Noah S., and John A.

## Noah
### Reflection
I would say our first group project went decently well. We started on March 11 when I found out about an organization I wanted to promote with the group. We met up that day to discuss details, and I made some suggestions about what we could each write about. I asked Bobby if he could set up our git repository and he was kind enough to do so. I felt very comfortable with writing the HTML portion of my webpage, and I'm pretty happy with how it turned out, but my CSS is still a little shaky. I feel like I got a lot of good practice, though. This is the first time I've really seen a somewhat complete website actually get styled. Bobby is pretty good at writing CSS code, so me and him coordinated a lot on what we wanted the site to look like. Overall, I'd say the only thing I would change about this whole process is that we should've started sooner. For the next group project, I will definitely be a bit more pushy about keeping things moving along.
### Bugs
I'm not really aware of any bugs with the page as of right now. We did encounter a few issues along the way in regards to getting elements to line up properly but me and Bobby made those corrections to our CSS file.

## John
### Reflection
I'd say that our first group project went okay. We started planning on March 10th to have a meeting in the library on the 11th. Noah found an organization that we all were interested in promoting. On our first meeting we discussed and created the layout for our pages on these projects so that when we work on it, it'll mitigate any problems we have connecting with git hub and all. That idea was a timesaver! I admittidly did need to ask for a bit of help from the other two with connecting git, but I did get the hang of it. At first I wasn't fully comfortable making my webpage but I eventually had a decent pace. I'm proud to what it turned out (I didn't have as much confidence in myself as I do now, though still shaky with it). During my time myself though there were certain struggles I was having making this which for some weird reason made me feel discouraged on working on it because of the weird ways I had to git pull and push, but I did push through (pun intended). I was struggling with my pc telling me "There is no tracking information for the current branch. Please specify which branch you want to merge with." and when I would specify it kept saying things along the lines of not found. The "." helped a lot with adding and commiting, but pulling and pushing had to be done 3 different ways (Each time I opened this on a different folder or computer) I did learn a bit more on the ways of using remotes and git pushing and pulling and how working in a group is like. Next time though I do plan on being better coordinating certain things and speaking out more.
### Bugs
If me struggling to open the website counts because it kept timing out every so often then that is the main bug. I kept needing to work on coding later because of that... I also had some issues tracking files and pictures but once I just created a new folder and cloned it was semi good with it.
## Bobby
### Reflection
Overall the project went fairly smoothy, we only met 2 times, but those times were very productive. I enjoyed coming up with most of the general page layouts and a lot of the CSS with Noah and John's input, it was very useful for making the pages look and operate nicely. I would have liked to add more to my page, like some of the statistics that are on the organizations actual page. 
### Bugs
None known. I ran into some issues with getting the background and main element to line up properly, but I eventually got it figured out.